take me through they just do it how it
what was nike looking for what were you
looking for how did it how did it happen
which is that just just just do it had a
line yes oh no it was a throwaway it was
literally a throwaway deal we had it was
their first big campaign really it's
nothing these days were they spending
like 20 million or something on his
campaign and so we had a bunch of
television spots done by a bunch of
different grade of people and some of
them were humorous somewhat more
aggressive some of them were heroic and
they just didn't seem to hang together
they're shot by different people so I
thought we needed to have some sort of
tagline to hold it together I couldn't
even sell people in the agency on the
need for it so he went out to Nike and I
and I had trouble selling them on the
need for tonight I wasn't even sure of
it but I just thought it needs something
that speaks both the runners were
talking to and super athletes and the
shock was that it the people that told
us that it worked was the audience I
mean we started getting letters from
people who had nothing to do with sports
but about how it had saved their
emotional health and I was like holy
cripes three words yes ariad I know I
know serve odd we always dreamed that we
could be number one
every time we put our name on a product
is the best product that we can do how
did a sneaker company transcend sport to
become a cultural icon Darren Rovell
reports inside night premieres februari
12 on CNBC
you